CASMINST-4919: Update CFS troubleshooting docs (#3141)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/Troubleshoot_CFS_Issues.md

# Troubleshoot CFS Issues

Due to CFS' nature as a framework that runs arbitrary Ansible content, there are any number of issues that can arise when attempting to configure a system.
Many of the issues are transient, especially on larger systems or when a long configuration is applied.

> Because of this CFS automatically retries configuration in many cases and a single failing session often not an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this, CFS automatically retries configuration in many cases and a single failing session is often not an issue.
```

> However when a component is marked is failed or a number of sessions are failing there are two ways to approach debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when a component is marked as failed or a number of sessions are failing there are two ways to approach debugging.
```

> However when a component is marked is failed or a number of sessions are failing there are two ways to approach debugging.
> 
> ## Using the CFS Debugger

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However when a component is marked is failed or a number of sessions are failing there are two ways to approach debugging.

* [Using the CFS debugger](#using-the-cfs-debugger)
* [Manually debugging CFS](#manually-debugging-cfs)

## Using the CFS debugger
```

> ## Using the CFS Debugger

Reviewer 2: If the tool's proper name is CFS Debugger, then capitalizing Debugger here is appropriate. Otherwise Debugger should be lowercase. Please apply or mark resolved, as appropriate.

```suggestion
## Using the CFS debugger
```

To help debug and distinguish between issues in the CFS framework and issues in the Ansible content, CFS includes a debugging tool.
To access the tool, run the `cfs-debug` command.
This will pull up a list of the modes the debugger can run in.
For most users the default `auto-debug` mode will be most appropriate and will walk the user through a series of prompts and checks to determine the problem and recover from it if possible.

(`ncn-m#`)

```bash
cfs-debug
```

Example output:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```text
````

Select debugger mode.  Type help for more details.
1) Auto-debug (default)
2) Directed-debug
3) Auto-debug report
4) Collect logs
5) Additional actions
0) Exit
```

> ## Manually Debugging CFS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Manually debugging CFS
```

For issues where the `cfs-debugger` is not available or not able to diagnose an issue, see the following pages on manually debugging CFS.

* For sessions that failed, see [Troubleshoot Session Failed](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failed.md)

> * For sessions that aren't starting, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Start](Troubleshoot_CFS_Sessions_Failing_to_Start.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For sessions that are not starting, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Start](Troubleshoot_CFS_Sessions_Failing_to_Start.md)
```

> * For sessions that are stuck and won't complete, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Complete](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failing_to_Complete.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For sessions that are stuck and will not complete, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Complete](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failing_to_Complete.md)
```

> * For sessions that failed, see [Troubleshoot Session Failed](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failed.md)
> * For sessions that aren't starting, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Start](Troubleshoot_CFS_Sessions_Failing_to_Start.md)
> * For sessions that are stuck and won't complete, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Complete](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failing_to_Complete.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For sessions that failed, see [Troubleshoot Session Failed](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failed.md).
* For sessions that are not starting, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Start](Troubleshoot_CFS_Sessions_Failing_to_Start.md).
* For sessions that are stuck and will not complete, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Complete](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failing_to_Complete.md).
```

> * For sessions that failed, see [Troubleshoot Session Failed](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failed.md)
> * For sessions that are not starting, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Start](Troubleshoot_CFS_Sessions_Failing_to_Start.md)
> * For sessions that are stuck and will not complete, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Complete](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failing_to_Complete.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For sessions that failed, see [Troubleshoot Session Failed](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failed.md).
* For sessions that are not starting, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Start](Troubleshoot_CFS_Sessions_Failing_to_Start.md).
* For sessions that are stuck and will not complete, see [Troubleshoot Session Failing to Complete](Troubleshoot_CFS_Session_Failing_to_Complete.md).
```
